2022-08-06

Okay so this is a test to see whether or not if I add like 31 more words, my Beeminder.com daily target is going to drop to 100 words.

This thing of actually changing the filename extension over and over again is actually a bit of a schlep. But it's fine I'll deal with it. It's a step less - actually several steps less - than the hassle that I used to face with Github and Cloudlfare pages, which by the way I have to change and update tomorrow. But for now I'm going to go downstairs for dinner.


2022-07-25

Will this update the same post or create a new one?

Erue woke up that morning with a sense of foreboding in his tummy. He went about his usual chores that he would normally get through after waking up. Erue lived in the village of Mapungu, on the eastern edge of the Kongo empire, right beside the Kongo river, that fomred a natural border between his people, the last-remaining clan of the once great Sa people, and their conquerers, the Kongo.

You see, Erue truly, madly and deeply hated the fact that he had to collect taxes and tributes from his own people on behalf of the King of the Kongo, King Mwenda. Mwenda ruled from the city of Mpembe, near the heart of the empire, from where he would send out his fighting force, the fierce Vinyamkera, and subjugate and subdue all the neighbouring people. The Sa people, being the first nation beside teh young upstart Kongo who had organized his loose collecton of unruly and untrained fighters, disciplined and trained them, and with promises of wealth untold had ser out raiding neighbouring villages, burning them to the ground, loothing heir cattle and capturing slaves, then exacting vengeatnce and control via a heavy toll. It irked Erhue that hispeople had been teh first to fall - that his people had been the weakest. And after the first few nations had been subjugated, the rest qualied in fear and submitted. As a result, Mwenda's son, Pandemu and his grandson, Mwenda the second or Mwenda wa Pandemu, both had led less warlike lives, and actually enjoyed rather luxurious lives.

Erue was not looking forward at all to the harvest celebratiaon that would be held a the home of his prosperuos half-brother and cousin, Okosi. Okosi was oth his half-brother and cousin because Erue's father, Korua, had married two sisters amongst his harem of six. Thus amongst his seventeen siblings, thre were four who were both his half-siblings and his cousins, being the children of his mother's sister, Adimpo. Okosi was the most prosperous of all of them. He had made his fortune from organizing labourers and slaves for the caravans of the Arabs. One in particular, named Tippu, had made Okosi rich. Every time when Okosi would be gone for a long period of time, everyone knew that he would return with a sack of cowrie shells, offer them to the poor, lounging cowherders who dreamed of adventure, and promised them wealth beyond their wildest drams. Scores of them would set out with him. About half of them would not return. The others who did would come back cowrie-shells, about enough to purchase several heads of cows from thier neighbouring clans (purchasing cows within the same clan was not allowed), and then be able to start their own families. For many, one trip was enough. But for some of them - those who had that far-away dreamy look in their eyes - they would sit queitly and brood, eyes scanning the horizon, thoughts and dreams elsewehere - as they waited for the very next opportunity to get onto an expedition and go off on more adventures.

2022-08-01

Many of Erue's cousins had made their fortunes in this way. For them, this was the right and proper way to make money: high adventures in the high jungles - not by slaving away for the corrupt establishment. So it was with an aching heart and a drooping head that Erue accepted Okosi's invitation to attend the harvest dance. He knew that all of his family would be there, and once again they would turn to the usual topics of conversation: when the next expedition would be, who would go, how much money they all stood to make from that simple trip, and, as always, Erue would be treated respectfully, yes, but with that cold officiousness that is reserved usually for estranged family members.

"Of course you are,"his first and eldest wife, Njiomi, replied when he told her that was feeling unwell and not looking forward to the ceremony. "But,"she added, "just remember what happened two years ago when you felt unwell for the harvest celebration at Miano's? I spent the whole day and evening listening to people speaking ill about you. So if you're not going to go, then neither am I."
"What that about not going?"Nyami, his second, younger wife asked, entering the hut with a pot of water deftly balanced on her head. "Don't tell me that you're not going to the party, husband."
"He says he's feeling unwell," Njiomi replied. 
"Oh, okay."
Erue caught the slightest hint of a ghost of a smile in her eyes as she turned away, her heavy figure waddling away. She was heavy with child, and the baby was expected by the next short rains season, within three moons. He knew that she wanted him to remain at the homestead so she could have a little bit of company, which, in his mind, meant having him all to herself so she could harass and harange him with her every little demand and her endless incessant conversation. He was not going to uput up with that ata all, not if he could avoid it. He made up his mind right there and then.
"You know what," he said. "You're right. And I don't go, they're going to think that I am being deliberately disrespectful. And that will not help my reputation much. I have made up my mind. I will go. Please catch two hens outside and tie them up so that I can take them with me.


<<<<<<< HEAD
[comment]: # (2022-08-02)
And here is where I would include a detailed description of the village or hamlet in which Erue lives. The name of the village is Ampere - the turtle shell. It was named thus because it’s nestled in a hill, at the very top of which is a round, smooth weathered rock. Erue wound his way through the low mud walls thay formed a labyrinthine streets of the village, taking good care to avoud the homestead of the chief - a rotund, balding and wholly irritating man named Shaosi. He did not want to be spotted with the hends in his possession and be subjected to a line of questioning about catching the tax dodgers when he got to the party - and so as you can imagine, dear reader - that is precisely what happened. But I will spare you the details in the interest of time, ink and my carpal-tunnely syndromed wrist, and proceed straight on to the meat and potatoes of the encounter, or in this particular case, perhaps we should say the chicken and the yams of it.

When Erue arrived at his brother Okoisi’s homestead, he could already hear the drums beating and rythmic stomping of feet, accompanied by shrieks of delight and harmonious singing. He was glad that he was late. If there were many people there alreaedy, it was mean that the drinking of honey-beer would already be underway, and so the chances of Okoisi taking any notice of him and striking up the usual awkward 

awkward conversation would be reduced. He was sorely mistaken.

As he walked past the cattle enclosure that nestled outside Okoisi’s homestead, he could smell the roast goatmeat and the sorghum being cooked in the kitchen huts close by. Okoisi, his sons Wanesi, Oba and Kitilu, were dragging a goat out of the cattle enclosure. Okoisi stood by and watched with a frown on his face whilst his three sons struggled with the bleating, resistant beast. It was as though the animal sensed their intentions, and was putting up quite a fight. Erue would have walked straight past, hugging the far edge of the beaten footpath, but Okoisi spotten him.
“Brother, you are late.”
“Am I? I got delated by the chief. He wanted to discuss some important matters with me.”

He follows Okoisi into the middle of the homestead. Already there were some young girls dancing, in preparation for the main dance which would take place as the sun was setting and everyone was fairly full. - Warming up the musicians - the most prominent of them all - Miano with his four sons - drummers whose skuill was spoken of even in the ears of the King at his court in Zvongombe - Okoisi wants Erue to sit down with the other men - Kazanada, Anua, Bango and Miano - tense silence - Erue knows these men hate his guts - tense conversation about the weather and when it turn to crops - one man quips that they shouldn’s speak about crops in Erue’s presence - he says he won’t do it. He refuses to speak. 

2022-08-04

The healer arrives…describe his garb - beads around his waist - bangles of sheepskin sourced from the animals sacrificed during his initiation - a collection of small gourds ratthling around his neck - suspended from leather thongs - skin glistening in the sun - had oiled himself for the occasion. “Have you selected the sindo, the goat to be sacrificed to the ancestors? - Not yet - Dambe. Dambe went by many titles, the main one bing Kivoo - the caller of spirits - then let us go and select it.
All the men stood up and walked out. No, just Erue and Okoisi. It was customary for the host and his immediate younger brother do the deed of slaughtering the goat. - They find the goat - brown with white spots - and proceed to catch it, tie its legs and lay it on its side - Dambe gives Erue a knife and tell him to nick it in the throat - the idea is to call the ancestors to preside over the gathering via the bleating of the goat, which will summon them. The goat’s sharp cries are meant to wake the ancestors from their slumber - lo and behold - the goat does not cry. Not even once. Erue’s eyes widen in shock. Dambe and Okoisi’s are shocked into silnece. Okoisi asks whether he himself can do it. He grabs the knife and slits the goat’s throat - the goat immediately bleats plaintively. Erue turns and walks away.

Later the celebrations are underway, and the young women are dancing to the lyre and the drums - Erue sits all alone - watching. He regrets having attended the ceremony. He can see from the furtive glances that the married women are throwing his way from the edge of the gathering where they are seated, nestling the young ones, that they are speaking about him.

Erue got up and went across to the group of men seated around the big, brown beer pot, all with long hollow reeds sticking into it, which they sipped from as they chatted away animatedly. They all fall into silence as Erue approached. He grreeted them. Soome of them nodded sullenly. Others simply stared back at him, offering ho response. Still others ignored him completely, and turned their eyes to the beer pot, staring intently at it. Erue asked if he could join them. Th eldedst of the group, a man completely bald and with scraggy tufts of white hair dotting his neck, cheeks and chin, shook his head and told Erue that they didn’t have an extra reed for him. Erue pointed to the reed that lay on the ground nearby - emmeingly the last of the poile that they young woman serving them had brought. The man pretended not to have seen. Erue picked it up, stuck one end inside the pot, and proceeded to sip from it. One by one, the men stood up and walked way. Some spat on the ground in disgust, muttering imprecations. Soon only Erue and the balding old man were left.
“You should not have come here,”the man said. “You have ruined what was a good party.”
“My brother invited me.”
“Out of courtesy, But that doesn’t mean that he expected you to come!”
The man stood up and also walked way, leaving Erue staring intently at the beer pot.

=======
>>>>>>> parent of 77b7337 (Update 2022-08-03-Daily-Fiction-Inbox.md)](<---
title: Daily Fiction Writing Inbox
aliases: Writing Inbox
author: fidel
date: 2022-07-24
summary: Where I dump my daily fiction writing. 
bitly: 
categories: [ Blog, Fiction]
tags: 
math: true
mermaid: true
image:
  path: https://s2.loli.net/2022/08/02/pmyNATRbLuGhkjD.jpg
  width: 200
  height: 300
  alt:
---

%3E This is where I drop my daily zero draft fiction writing. I then use Beeminder.com to keep track of it.

2022-07-25

Erue woke up that morning with a sense of foreboding in his tummy. He went about his usual chores that he would normally get through after waking up. Erue lived in the village of Mapungu, on the eastern edge of the Kongo empire, right beside the Kongo river, that fomred a natural border between his people, the last-remaining clan of the once great Sa people, and their conquerers, the Kongo.

You see, Erue truly, madly and deeply hated the fact that he had to collect taxes and tributes from his own people on behalf of the King of the Kongo, King Mwenda. Mwenda ruled from the city of Mpembe, near the heart of the empire, from where he would send out his fighting force, the fierce Vinyamkera, and subjugate and subdue all the neighbouring people. The Sa people, being the first nation beside teh young upstart Kongo who had organized his loose collecton of unruly and untrained fighters, disciplined and trained them, and with promises of wealth untold had ser out raiding neighbouring villages, burning them to the ground, loothing heir cattle and capturing slaves, then exacting vengeatnce and control via a heavy toll. It irked Erhue that hispeople had been teh first to fall - that his people had been the weakest. And after the first few nations had been subjugated, the rest qualied in fear and submitted. As a result, Mwenda's son, Pandemu and his grandson, Mwenda the second or Mwenda wa Pandemu, both had led less warlike lives, and actually enjoyed rather luxurious lives.

Erue was not looking forward at all to the harvest celebratiaon that would be held a the home of his prosperuos half-brother and cousin, Okosi. Okosi was oth his half-brother and cousin because Erue's father, Korua, had married two sisters amongst his harem of six. Thus amongst his seventeen siblings, thre were four who were both his half-siblings and his cousins, being the children of his mother's sister, Adimpo. Okosi was the most prosperous of all of them. He had made his fortune from organizing labourers and slaves for the caravans of the Arabs. One in particular, named Tippu, had made Okosi rich. Every time when Okosi would be gone for a long period of time, everyone knew that he would return with a sack of cowrie shells, offer them to the poor, lounging cowherders who dreamed of adventure, and promised them wealth beyond their wildest drams. Scores of them would set out with him. About half of them would not return. The others who did would come back cowrie-shells, about enough to purchase several heads of cows from thier neighbouring clans (purchasing cows within the same clan was not allowed), and then be able to start their own families. For many, one trip was enough. But for some of them - those who had that far-away dreamy look in their eyes - they would sit queitly and brood, eyes scanning the horizon, thoughts and dreams elsewehere - as they waited for the very next opportunity to get onto an expedition and go off on more adventures.

2022-08-01

Many of Erue's cousins had made their fortunes in this way. For them, this was the right and proper way to make money: high adventures in the high jungles - not by slaving away for the corrupt establishment. So it was with an aching heart and a drooping head that Erue accepted Okosi's invitation to attend the harvest dance. He knew that all of his family would be there, and once again they would turn to the usual topics of conversation: when the next expedition would be, who would go, how much money they all stood to make from that simple trip, and, as always, Erue would be treated respectfully, yes, but with that cold officiousness that is reserved usually for estranged family members.

"Of course you are,"his first and eldest wife, Njiomi, replied when he told her that was feeling unwell and not looking forward to the ceremony. "But,"she added, "just remember what happened two years ago when you felt unwell for the harvest celebration at Miano's? I spent the whole day and evening listening to people speaking ill about you. So if you're not going to go, then neither am I."
"What that about not going?"Nyami, his second, younger wife asked, entering the hut with a pot of water deftly balanced on her head. "Don't tell me that you're not going to the party, husband."
"He says he's feeling unwell," Njiomi replied. 
"Oh, okay."
Erue caught the slightest hint of a ghost of a smile in her eyes as she turned away, her heavy figure waddling away. She was heavy with child, and the baby was expected by the next short rains season, within three moons. He knew that she wanted him to remain at the homestead so she could have a little bit of company, which, in his mind, meant having him all to herself so she could harass and harange him with her every little demand and her endless incessant conversation. He was not going to uput up with that ata all, not if he could avoid it. He made up his mind right there and then.
"You know what," he said. "You're right. And I don't go, they're going to think that I am being deliberately disrespectful. And that will not help my reputation much. I have made up my mind. I will go. Please catch two hens outside and tie them up so that I can take them with me.


[comment]: # (2022-08-02)
And here is where I would include a detailed description of the village or hamlet in which Erue lives. The name of the village is Ampere - the turtle shell. It was named thus because it’s nestled in a hill, at the very top of which is a round, smooth weathered rock. Erue wound his way through the low mud walls thay formed a labyrinthine streets of the village, taking good care to avoud the homestead of the chief - a rotund, balding and wholly irritating man named Shaosi. He did not want to be spotted with the hends in his possession and be subjected to a line of questioning about catching the tax dodgers when he got to the party - and so as you can imagine, dear reader - that is precisely what happened. But I will spare you the details in the interest of time, ink and my carpal-tunnely syndromed wrist, and proceed straight on to the meat and potatoes of the encounter, or in this particular case, perhaps we should say the chicken and the yams of it.

When Erue arrived at his brother Okoisi’s homestead, he could already hear the drums beating and rythmic stomping of feet, accompanied by shrieks of delight and harmonious singing. He was glad that he was late. If there were many people there alreaedy, it was mean that the drinking of honey-beer would already be underway, and so the chances of Okoisi taking any notice of him and striking up the usual awkward 

awkward conversation would be reduced. He was sorely mistaken.

As he walked past the cattle enclosure that nestled outside Okoisi’s homestead, he could smell the roast goatmeat and the sorghum being cooked in the kitchen huts close by. Okoisi, his sons Wanesi, Oba and Kitilu, were dragging a goat out of the cattle enclosure. Okoisi stood by and watched with a frown on his face whilst his three sons struggled with the bleating, resistant beast. It was as though the animal sensed their intentions, and was putting up quite a fight. Erue would have walked straight past, hugging the far edge of the beaten footpath, but Okoisi spotten him.
“Brother, you are late.”
“Am I? I got delated by the chief. He wanted to discuss some important matters with me.”

He follows Okoisi into the middle of the homestead. Already there were some young girls dancing, in preparation for the main dance which would take place as the sun was setting and everyone was fairly full. - Warming up the musicians - the most prominent of them all - Miano with his four sons - drummers whose skuill was spoken of even in the ears of the King at his court in Zvongombe - Okoisi wants Erue to sit down with the other men - Kazanada, Anua, Bango and Miano - tense silence - Erue knows these men hate his guts - tense conversation about the weather and when it turn to crops - one man quips that they shouldn’s speak about crops in Erue’s presence - he says he won’t do it. He refuses to speak.

Tuesday 16 August 2022

Page 1##ERUE MIRROR MOMENT##


Why am I, as Erces so deeply motivated to help thisslalt run away from his owners. I can see that hehas tremendous magical abilities - namely - he canactually manipulate what people are sering - buta power like that, whilst it can make me a lot ofmoney, is something that can cause a lot of harm andamage in the world. But if I protect him, and granthim what he wishes - namely - safe conduct to themiddle of the island ofin the Grey swamps, wherhe can find the plant that will make him forgeteverything he ever did - I mean - I would not onlylose out, but it will also mean that I too forget,because for the spell to work, for the flower to work,the person must be holding the hand of someone elsewho is also willing to forget.Alternatively, it could be the realization thatPitui will kill wheever attempts to take this child outof his hands, which is what I see when he murdersthe people who try to kindap Adera. It's what he saysmore than anything else = "" I have worked too hardand too long to let anyone or anything stand in my way.Because we were hired to track and trace this Mungialslave-girl named Adera, who brought her employersa lot of money with her "circus tricks." She's 9 yearold, cute and innocent. No, she's 16 and rebelliousand problematic. Whoever is near her must wear acharm to protect or shield themselves from herinfluence.So I start cut believing that we should returnthe girl, but as time passes, I start to believe thatI can make a difference in her life. Er rather 
I----------------------------------------Page 2

start out believing that I am not much of a father,because I was unable to provide for my pamily!which ultimately led to my not being able to protectthem. But then all of a sudden, fertune puts thislittle girl in my path, and she forees me toquestion my beliet, that I am not a good father.She makes me see what it means to be a goodfather. - makes me believe that I can be. Thequestion is:So I start out believing that it doesn't matter, solong as it makes me money, right. But am I willing tostand by this belicy, no matter what.? Is money, the mostimportant thing in life? It's like all my life I have chasedgold and lowrie shells and wealth, and now I and facedwith the kind of person that it has made me become.Am I happier ? Am I fulfilled.? Could this girl, and doingright by her, be the only thing that brings some level efjoy and fulfilment to my life?This is the question that reps through my mindhal way through the story, 4 chasing money and wealthwill lead one to become a heartless man like Tipui, withno family, no real friends and nekedy that he caresabout or worse still, no body that cares about hiovy, inthat really the kind of person I myself am ? Is that thekind of person I myself am becoming, little by little?So it seems to me as if I will start out placing theMission - which is retimering the runaway slave girl andreturning her to her owners, about everything else onthe mission And because I am a loyal henchman type ofperson, there is no way in which... I see, I start outwith the belief that what is right is what is mostuseful, and what is most useful is whatever will

#to-clean-up


Monday 22 August 2022
#jack-baloyi #bluewhale #redmongrel

Dictation 1
Did not rush up the stairs. She was dead Anyways, what difference would it have made? If I got there? Sooner or later I took the stairs slowly with a sense of depression hanging over me slowing down every step, making it seem heavier than before. to the third time this week I had gone up the stairs that way. I got to the door 37 be and tried to swing it open. I have expected it to be closed. And that's how I found it. It was closed. All of them had always been closed. I kicked the door open it was locked in the inside they always did that always locked it on the inside and as I stepped into the room I found it executives and expected it to be 

Dictation 2
Did not rush up the stairs. She was dead Anyways, what difference would it have made? If I got there? Sooner or later I took the stairs slowly with a sense of depression hanging over me slowing down every step, making it seem heavier than before. to the third time this week I had gone up the stairs that way. I got to the door 37 be and tried to swing it open. I have expected it to be closed. And that's how I found it. It was closed. All of them had always been closed. I kicked the door open it was locked in the inside they always did that always locked it on the inside and as I stepped into the room I found it executives and expected it to be 

  Dictation 3
  I run up the stairs and go to the hallway people will heads will ready sticking out of the doors as others were opening opening and banging shut and they rushed down the stairs going the opposite direction from which had come in that was a weird thing about these things she was already dead but ever knows rushing to take a look at the dead body and I was running in the opposite direction I got to the door which was out the room I assume she would be in that is seven Be it was locked, wriggled the handle a little bit and then stepped back and kicked it open the always did that lock the door from the inside I have expected it to be that way the walls of the room are covered in dates and little posters each of them with a small checkmark above it the first one said no sleep 48 hours check mark Babbitt analysis set drink 10 liters of water set a stray cat light walk barefoot for three days in a row. None of them were unexpected. Every single room that week that had been had those posters on the wall. This one was the name was any to summer at least that's what the people on the floor said she had won a wedding dress before leaping out of the window. That was a first go out in a way that would be memorable already photos and videos of how she flow to the window white wedding dress fluttering around her head underway. Exposed dress, bellowing around the head suddenly more making the rounds all over social media. But they stopped just to set in the when people started attacking them and saying how can you do such a thing to a dead person. The cops showed up a few hours later, I took them up to her room and showed them around and they said that need statements from the anyone who lived in the same flow with her. nothing new there done the same thing the week before and the week before that. All those the same procedure show up as a few perfunctory questions to take statements and that's it. End of story. I asked them how far we've gotten with the investigation of the two previous cases that we they said we haven't found anything yet. We're still looking we're still trying to unearth evidence. I wondered if they would still say the same thing. If another case of suicide took place in the following week. They called it today I went off to the station I went to see the dean waited waited outside our office for a few hours because I did not have an appointment. 

Dictation 4
The dean of students had her office on the ground floor, the academic block administrative block right in the middle of the University. She was very accessible this morning. She was even more accessible than you. She wanted to see me as much as I wanted to see her. I sat down in front of until the We have to do something. She looked me dead in the eye and asked me what can we do? We're absolutely stuck. I said, we have to put more pressure on the police to get to the bottom of this case. She looked me dead in the eye and said, what else can we do? 

Dictation 5
What about if we put up notices wanting the students about this thing that's happening? That seems to be a common thread. It must be one of these kind of blue whale challenges that's happening all over again. We've already done that. I replied. We did that last week hasn't stopped anyone. We could ask people to keep an eye out on their classmates and their friends, if they notice anything, were to report it immediately. We've already done that also hasn't stopped this one from happening. It's almost as though it keeps morphing. It's like the challenges like a virus. No two challenges seem to be exactly the same. They just end the exact same way with people jumping out the window, doing something ridiculous. I wonder why it's caught on so much? she asked, looking me in the eye a few minutes late. I walked out of our office with no clue what to do no clue what to say. No clue where to go. As a security office of the university. I somehow felt that it was my fault somehow felt that it was my responsibility for allowing all of these things to happen. As they walked out of the room and walked out of the building into the gardens. A mossy looking student came up to me I'd never noticed him before. But then again, I never do notice the students that's something we needed to work on. And he told me I you trying to find out what happened to Anita summer I looked him in the eye and said, You know something, don't you? he merely nodded and took out his cell phone. After clicking two or three times he opened up a program and to me, this is what's going on. There's something called the mongrel challenge, the mongrel walk and I've traced it. who's running it I asked who's behind it? He shook his head I've got no clue but it seems to be coming from this following IP address. I jotted down the numbers really quickly and ran over to the IT department and stopped by my friends desk Marcus he was one of the programming teachers in the IT department I need you to find the address for this IP address what he asked I don't know if that's legal the kids are killing themselves every week and that could be another one next week What do you want me to do he posed for one second then nodded his head and said okay I'll do it he entered the IP address into his his computer clicked away after an appt a few minutes and address popped up as well as a name. I jotted them down really quickly rent to the parking lot hopped into my car and drove off into the sunset. I didn't have much to go on. But at least it was a starting point. 172 Anderson Street. The name, said Alex be naughty. I got to once have into Anderson street, and it turned out to be a small apartment complex. I walked up to the gates and rang the bell. No one answered was all all sorts. 1-751-761-7717 8172 no one answered. I rang the bell 4173 someone answered in ask them if they could let me in. Because I was looking for Alex in your team who stayed at 170. Okay. No surprise, when they actually let me in, went against all of the expectations that I had. I walked in and go to 170. It was a quaint brown wooden door at the end of the passage with a welcome mat at the bottom. I tried to do it was locked. I kicked the welcome I lifted one edge of the welcome mat. And so a key in there, I turned the key, put it into the lock has stepped into the house. It was furnished in a classical style and smelled dusty and old as I was standing there, taking in the furnishings still wrapped in plastic from the data derived from the shops. It looked like it was 20 years old, an old woman walked in with two bags of groceries in our hands, and immediately she let out an ear piercing screams. I turned the tide said, Do not worry, I'm not going to hurt you. And she said, and she shouted, I'm going to call the police and she and I told I am the police. I traced an IP address to this house. Who else lives here with you? She said, I live alone. No one else lives here with me. I asked, Do you have a computer? She said, No, I don't use those things. I asked you absolutely sure. She said. I have one but I've never used it. Where is it? It's in my son's room. She walked down the passage towards her son's room and open the door The room was covered in posters and on the desk was a computer that was on essays that just sounds computer she said yes, ways he he died four years ago have left the room exactly as he always left it. Everything's still on including his computer. 

Dictation 6
Well I hope this thing is recording because if it ain't we're gonna lose another very nice steak and we'll see what happens. He walks slowly to the door of apartment three Be it is why it's the lessons three view when gilded metal stuck to the door with some kind of cheap glue. He was sure he looked up and down the passenger because just clear. It, dropped onto his knee, pulled a pin out of his pocket and jiggled to the locker little bit. The door swung open. He thinks he's lucky stars and stepped into the into the apartment, pulling the door shut behind him again. He found himself standing inside a dim room. The curtains were all drawn very little sunshine filtered through the heavy Dakotans and it took him a few seconds for his eyes. adjust to the darkness. 

  
Dictation 7 - Final Scene
Testing. final part of the scene just then he had a jangling. That's the door keys being pushed into the lock, and the blood in his veins froze. Depressed his back hard against the one of the corridor, wondering how he would get himself to that gym. Just then a small figure, huddled walked stumbled into the quarry into the corridor she could man he could barely make you could make out clearly it was an old woman seems to be in his 70s back with bent step. So slow to walk to the walking stick to let out an ear piercing screen. Instead of shouting at the top of her voice. Take whatever you want. Please don't hurt me. I don't have anything. I can give you. My jewelry. Please don't hurt me. She closed her eyes and started painting hard trying to catch your breath. he panicked, wondering if he she was very. She looked as though she was going into a seizure, where she looked as though she was about to have a seizure. step towards she called underneath his outstretched, shrunk away from him in terror. I'm a policeman, he said, at the top of his voice, please, I'm not going to hurt you. I just need you to help me. Take whatever you want. She repeated. Not listening to what you're saying. Please don't hurt me. He stuck his hand into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet. Fish through it and find his police reservist ID. Look at this. He shouted, shoving it into her face. I'm a policeman. I'm not here to hurt you. I need to know right now. Who else is? Yeah. Who else lives with you? I live alone, she said. of waste trembling. There's no one else. Are you sure? He asked again? Yes. You know, did I live all by myself? Please? What's happening? How many bathrooms do you have in this house? he barked, watching her to see if she was headed state before answering only one shirt black. Only one boss from data is she pointed at the door across the corridor which he had checked out a few minutes before. Who else lives? he asked. He repeated. I live by myself. She replied, please. What's happening? Do you have what you call it? He knew she was speaking about a warrant, which he did not have much. He was not going to give an opportunity to lead the conversation down that road. Was it what's in the bedroom? He said, pointing to the door, the far end of the quarter. That's my son's room shooter plight ways, he? he asked. She hesitate to show me the room. It quickly quickly added she walked. She hesitated and took a step forward towards the room. He followed closely behind she pause as a hand fell on the handle of the door. What's happening here? Tell me what's going on? She said. Before she opened the door. You cleared his throat. They have been a series of murders which way investigating and all of them are linked to this house. But how I'm the only one who lives here, she answered. That's exactly what I'm trying to understand. Also, he said, Please open the door. She pushed down the handle, and swung the door open and stepped into the room. She stayed outside of his eyes across the space. It was a tiny room with a little single bed close to the window curtains drawn the room was doc it flipped, it flipped the slides, which was beside the door praising the room incandescent white light. 

So this is the end part of the same flipped open inflict on the light switch that was right next weekend beside the door waiting the room and incandescent white light is is surveyed the room the posters all over the walls typical teenage stuff Formula One cars girls in bikinis a couple of hip hop artists the bed was made smoothed over and looked as though it I didn't mean slept in for the last couple of days. And then he saw his desk beside the window looking out next to a chair a laptop. It was open and a tiny red light was blinking every so often cross quickly to the laptop and pressed the key. The mouse bed immediately a lock screen confronted him demanding a password. He turned and looked at the lady. She was still standing at the front door blinking at me blankly was left up is it's just. It's my son's crazy. She was quite. Where is he? He demanded. She dumps down. She gulps and took a deep breath. He's no more, she said. What do you mean? Is he? She nodded. When he asked six months ago. She how she shook her head slowly. Which is really important that to understand how your son died, where he is what happened to him and how this laptop came to be here. It was his laptop, she answered. I left it exactly the way he had left it six months ago when he died. How did he die? He repeated suicide. She finally said I know this is difficult, but I need to know exactly how he killed himself be jumped out of a window wearing his the suits that his father on his wedding day. Did he leave a note? Yes, she replied. What do you do saying the note please leave everything in my room exactly as it is. Thank you love your son. And that's the end of this story for now. So just a test. 

  

Transcribed by https://otter.ai


#scorcher #inferno #jack-baloyi

HOMECOMING

  

“This is it exclamation” the motorbike driver shouted through his helmet, as they pulled into some scrapyard filled with relics of cars, scrap, and junk metal. These seemed to form a kind of protective wall, and scattered across the clearing in the middle were a mesh-mash of habitations: tents, shacks made from bits of wood and scrap metal haphazardly put together. But for the main part-houses. Shells of what used to be known as RDP houses-now 20 or more years old, in various stages of dilapidation.

Dante stepped off the motorbike and handed the driver a hundred grand note. The driver shook his head.

“Dollars please. I have no use for this shift.”

I don’t have dollars.”

“Maybe she does,” he said, and nodded in the direction of the house some way away, whose door stood open. Dante followed his gaze, and saw a woman standing in the door.

She had really changed a lot in the course of 20 years. But it was still her. It was still Beatrice.

“$20. I will wait.”

Dante walked across the bare, dusty clearing that led up to the door of the house. Beatrice just stood there-watching. Her arms folded. What was she thinking?

He had never been able to read her. That was one of the things that he had found so attractive about her. She was a closed book-a heck of a lot of hard work to keep. He was surprised frankly that she had not said no when he asked her for a place to stay. She hadn’t said yes, but she hadn’t said no either.

Awkward was an understatement. The moment was tense as it stands at the door, taking in the house, taking in the wrinkles on her face. The chap on the motorbike revs his engine and it brings him back to the moment.

“I need $20, please. For the motorbike.”

She regards him for an instant. Was S disdain he detected? It passed quickly as she looked down into her bra and pulled out a small purse. She unzipped it open, took about $20, and handed them to him.

“Thank you”, he said, but she did not respond,. She just turned and went back into the house, closing the door behind her. She

The underside, walked back to the motorcycle driver, and handed him the cash.

“Sure, chief,” he responded, as he revved the engine, turned around, and rumbled off the same way in which he came.

Dante turned back to the door. It was closed. He took a deep breath, hitched his bag up higher on his back, and walked over to the door. He paused as he was about to knock and thought better of it. He grabbed the handle, turned it, and stepped in.

Beatrice was seated in a small, brown leather couch, opposite an equally small flat-screen television. Her eyes were fixed on the news

It was footage of a violent street protest.

“The protests entered their third day today, and one civilian so far has been killed. Two peacekeepers have also been killed. More peacekeepers are being sent to the area to restore calm, as the PLM considers embarking on stage III of operation hammer.”

He could see that she wasn’t listening to the news. She had that ability. When she was really angry, she turn on the TV and just zone out.

He cleared his throat-not quite sure how to begin this conversation that he had rehearsed a million times in his head. He took a deep breath.

“How was prison?” He stopped short. That was not the question he was expecting.

“It was prison,” he replied. “May I sit?” She pointed to another couch across the little room. “Over there.”

He sat down, sinking into the couch and feeling the springs sticking into his backside. Ouch!

“Listen, Beatrice. I am so sorry.”

“Sorry for what? You’ve been gone 20 years and we have survived.”

“I know it’s been hard.”

Yes, it has been.”

Where is Simon?”

Out.

“When is he coming back?”

“His 19. Is a grown man. I don’t ask any more.” He’s a grown man all

  

  

You didn't answer any of my mentors.

  

There was nothing to say. We need money. How are you going to make money? I learned two things in prison. I have a degree now in she burst out laughing.

  

New mind

  

you didn't answer any of my letters.

  

There was nothing to say. We need money. How are you going to make money and learn new things in prison? I have a degree now in

  

she burst out laughing

  

my degree

  

in What?

  

Look around you, Dante. The world's

  

changed. A degree won't help you with anything

  

now. If you think

  

you're going to

  

squat here

  

and become another mouth to feed. Then you'd better Pack your bags and move on.

  

Beatrice I will find work.

  

You know cooking flu happy. There's no work anywhere. Dante. Since the war started. Everything's gone to shit.

  

How have you been surviving? Then? he asked.

  

I sell stuff.

  

What stuff

  

anything. People bring me things. I clean them up and sell them. Simon fix it. TVs and radios and computers. is really good at that.

  

I can work as a plumber.

  

Good luck. There's no running water anymore. Unless you want to relocate to paradise city. And you don't have the money to buy one of the passes.

  

He stood up and went to to sit beside her.

  

He tries to drape an arm over her shoulder.

  

But she moves away.

  

I know been a flop these 20 years and I haven't been around for my family.

  

But I'm going to

  

we don't need you,

  

Dante.

  

You've been gone 20 years and we've done just fine. If you can't put food on the table, you're going to have to leave.

  

You sleep there on that couch.

  

She's done ends up and walks out the house, slamming the door behind her.

  

Dante sits for a moment. For the first time he looks around the living room. It's dark brown netting across the window, letting in a little light casts a gloomy shadow across the room. The paint on the walls is all chipped and the ceiling is stained dark brown in several patches.

  

It must be

  

a puddle whenever it rains, which is seldom judging by what the driver told him.

  

There are only two phones

  

that are only two photos on the wall. One is Beatrice, the other is of Simon.

  

He stands up and goes to the kitchen.

  

He looks around the drawers. There's hardly anything to eat. The fridge has a half forgotten tomato in it. He wonders what they will do for dinner.

  

She shops cost him.

  

She shoves past him

  

and goes towards the fridge

  

and hitching the tote bag that she has slung around her shoulder. She takes out a mountain leg and pound of cheese and shoves them into the fridge

  

where those from

  

the station. They almost got me this time. I'd have to lie low for a couple of days. The courts and DD

  

the court caught

  

they caught

  

some DNA. But it was his fault.

  

The idiot was meant to be on lookout.

  

That was his only job.

  

Who's Sandy?

  

What's the station?

  

How are we going to feed him?

  

Don't worry

  

about that for now. They're

  

Beatrice shoots him up piercing look. Kill figure something out. Who's Sandy? And what's the station done to us again.

  

Virgil

  

Virgil banks, the fridge door shut and Stokes out.

  

Sunday lay

  

is her boyfriend. Though she denies it. They're always together. The station is about the only place here where you can find to meet. It used to be a police station back in our days. But now it's more like an army barracks for the peacekeepers. They live there more to protect themselves than to protect us. So what's going to happen to Sandy, they're going to execute him. That's the penalty for stealing, especially from peacekeepers. I have to go to a meeting. You're welcome to join me if you want. You might meet some of your old friends there.

  

She walks out of the kitchen.

  

Dante was starving. He hadn't eaten since the day before. But he didn't feel right taking food because he had not provided it.

  

He remembered having seen a pub

  

on his way in. He wondered if they still accepted

  

the money that he had

  

the meeting

  

Beatrice set

  

on a rock on the edge of the dusty patch of ground where some tweens were playing a soccer match

  

after operation crackdown.

  

This was perhaps the only social gathering that the PLM

  

government now allowed

  

colon

  

soccer into drinking.

  

They knew

  

that if they deprived the people

  

of these two pastimes, both the young and the old would rise up against them.

  

I guess soccer and alcohol

  

the true open arms of the people thought sadly to herself.

  

More and more parents started to

  

arrive and arrange themselves quietly on the rocks by the soccer pitch to watch the game. This is about the only safe place left for them to meet. Without the constant danger of spies. It was difficult to know who to trust anymore. Cindy in her late 30s with frazzled blonde hair and sleep deprived eyes.

  

Timber.

  

And physically they

  

are married.

  

They're the only ones in the group who are

  

both in their 50s. And both work one expressions with a tinge of sadness.

  

Hank,

  

the white

  

is completely clean shaven head and beard and looks like a mixture between a cancer patient and the military man. We have to move now. They are getting closer and closer. But our mission is clear. Stay put gather information for the next six months and sabotage all the PLM communication channels. I'm sick and tired of those champs in High Command telling us what to do. Why the hell are they even there? We didn't vote for them, did we?

  

We know what we were getting ourselves into when we joined the resistance. When was it last time? Anyone heard anything? From Bruce? There was silence? What if he's dead? What if he saw this out? Again the silence a kid scores ago and runs down the pitch.

  

Hands in the air celebrating

  

the other team

  

centers the boat kicks off and the match resumes.

  

I say we leave this

  

place and head west. bolster the numbers of the resistance that we are so group. We are meant to stay put until we accomplish our mission. Then I say we blow up the station tonight. Mission accomplished. And then we leave. End of story.

  

Let me try and make contact with Bruce Preston.

  

And how are you going to do that? His phone's been dead four weeks. if we are not careful, the nomads are going to come and take us.

Dante then

  

Danielle

  

stepped into the dark

  

to happen and paused for a moment.

  

As I allow my eyes to adjust.

  

I feel like I've been in here before. But is it that all the beans

  

are the same?

  

There are the three drunk guys. One of them quite young. As a matter of fact, too young to be in here. Gone other days of it's taking a village to raise a child. I guess. Things have really changed since I left. There are the other two drunks. One of them is a woman. No, she's not a prostitute. She seems very depressed. Besides, at this time of day, prostitutes are normally catching up on their sleep.

  

Hang on. How the hell do I know that?

  

I step into the room and feel a pair of eyes burning into my side. Yes, there she is. The proprietor of the space. She's carrying a crate of bottles. She's rather short and stout. The type that beats up her husband, and the poor guy can't talk about it out of shame. She just stares at me as if I or something. I know what it is. Respect. This is her space. Her roots. She knows she's never seen me before. And with that one dog. She is letting me know that the only trouble she allows in here is that of her own devices.

  

I smile and nod.

  

How are you? Sister?

  

I'm fine. What would you drink?

  

Black Label.

  

She looks me up and down.

  

Don't be stupid. We haven't had that in years.

  

I will take whatever you have.

  

How much money do you have on you? $3 sit down there she says nodding towards an empty table. Wonder why it has to be that specific table. But I don't ask her house her rules. I take a seat and watch her disappear behind the counter and into what must be some sort of background. She emerges Moments later, holding a bottle of something. She comes around to my table and deposits it

  

in front of me.

  

Again, she looks at me as though I over something. What's this? I asked.

  

I asked

  

$3 worth.

  

Via is expensive nowadays.

  

cash on delivery.

  

I take the money out of my pocket and hand it over. She stuffs it into her bra.

  

No cash register. No nothing.

  

I wonder how much of her voluptuousness is monetary.

  

I look at the bottle. There's no label.

  

Nothing to indicate what's inside

  

a constant dot for glance at the proprietors receding form.

  

And hear a deep chuckle from my left hand side.

  

I turn around. Its drunk number two. You're new here onto he says yes and no. I've been dot dot away for years. Just got back today. But I grew up here.

  

What happens to

  

know most of

  

this used to be her to having

  

the drunken chuckle again.

  

She's been gone a long time.

  

A long, long time.

  

She used to own this place before the war. Then the war came and everything just went to shit. Now I cannot even get a decent drink around here. What wouldn't give a sip of real alcohol. I'm enough with this goddamn moonshine. He takes a swig and gets up. He's very unsteady on his feet as he wobbles over to me pulls up the chair opposite me and sits down have been

  

so what are you in here for?

  

Nothing. I just came to have a drink. Don't lie to me is bloodshot eyes stare into me.

  

Nobody comes in here nothing.

  

Do you have a pass? No.

  

Strangers eyes widen in fear.

  

Then he recovers his composure.

  

You really don't get it Do you?

  

You don't have much time. Drink up.

  

What? What are you talking about?

  

The Doors burst open, and the troupe of four men storms in they all dressed in military fatigues. But all heavily

  

customized.

  

One of them is covered in tattoos all over his face. He was Caucasian at some stage. But now with all the tattoos sunburn skin. The second one looks like a hip hop artist, or soccer player. His Mohican is bright orange.

  

And he sweeps his Uzi across the room.

  

The two of them dragging a skinny, frayed looking man who can barely stay on his feet. They throw him to the ground. He struggles up. But he's kicked back onto the floor like occasion.

  

Please, please

  

let me leave

  

the two soldiers capital and step out the door, banging it shut behind them.

  

The men on the floor gets up

  

and pulls himself up

  

onto a table. His head slumps onto his shoulders. The proprietor reappears from behind the counter, a beer bottle in her hands. She dumps it in front of him. The man looks up his eyes bloodshot.

  

I can smell him from way over here.

  

He looks at that bottle with pure hatred. Then he pulls up the capital

  

and takes a swig.

  

What the hell is happening here? I thought that I had to put the question. But obviously I hadn't. Because the stranger across from me and says he's in prison. This place is a prison. What's his crime? Drinking, public drinking. So now he's stuck in here. And it's the only place where he's allowed to go.

  

How do they know if he leaves?

  

The stranger puts on sleep.

  

There's a very tiny scar just below his elbow. They put a chip in you. They can track you wherever you go.

  

They put

  

a chip in you

  

track you wherever you go.

  

I automatically pull up my own sleeve

  

also. And I see

  

the same scar. I hadn't noticed it before. Shit. Can I take it out? I started to scratch this car.

  

You can

  

but it will kill you.

  

It's connected to your heart somehow.

  

I pause is he kidding me? I look at the

  

drunk across from me.

  

Obviously not. He's being dead serious. What are you here for? You don't look like any of the drunks in this place.

  

And neither do you

  

and neither do you

Who is Virgil? This is the main question that I want to answer first. I cannot run away from the need of a modicum of planning-even if only the bare minimum of planning. 

Vergil-guide person, also wants to find Beatrice because?

When Dan arrives in Joe Burke, and start asking around, he gets kidnapped and captured.
---

 Then opened his eyes slowly, and took a deep breath before the dust in the air threw him into a fit of coughing.

“Damn asthma,” he thought to himself, as he tried to take in his surroundings. The room was pitch black, except for a strip of light at the bottom of the wall opposite him, which he knew, from its elevation of the floor, to be a door. More than seeing, he could feel that the roof was quite low above his head, and from the absence of windows, he surmised that he most probably was several metres underground, in a basement of some sort.

The lights flicked on that instant as the door flung open and someone stepped into the room. Dan blinked several times as his pupils adjusted to the light.

“Glad to see you’re up.”

“I’m sorry we had to do that to you-it’s not how we usually treat our guests.”

Then could place the accent almost immediately Johannesburg private school educated she was tall, but he was sitting down, so he couldn’t be 100% sure. Also, she did not look South African. She was dark, way too dark and her large, oval eyes reminded him of the woman he had seen from West Africa. In fact, she reminded him of-no, it couldn’t be.

“Beatrice?”

“Why are you walking around asking about my sister?  Who are you and what do you want with her? Where are you from? Sent you?”

Dan smiled. Now we understood what was happening, and the insight gave him a strange sense of calm. He was familiar with interrogation, torture. As a relaxed in his seats and his face softened, his interlocutors hardened.

“Beatrice is your sister?  I didn’t know she had a sister. She never mentioned you.”

“I’m doing the asking here,  Daniel.”

“How do you know my name?”

“I said, I’m doing the asking here”, she said, as she  pushed her chair back and rose to her feet. Daniel’s eyes followed her as she paced up and down the small room. She held her hands behind her back, it reminded him of his school teacher, Mrs Devilliers.  She must be long dead, he thought to himself.

Her barking voice broke into his train of thought. “How do you know Beatrice?”

“She is a friend.”

“Is?”

“We wrote letters to each other. The plan was for us to get married once I was back from exile.”

“How long have you been in exile?”

Daniel sighed, “24 years.” The woman took out a cigarette and took a long swig.

“I got to the airport, expecting to find her, but you was not there. Obviously, I had no number to call, so I tried to get to the address on her envelopes, but when I got there, all I found was some kind of worry.”

“The address was obviously fake.”

“Yeah, I figured.”

“So you have no idea who Boutros Williams is?”

“She’s the pretty girl I was engaged to marry 20 years ago. She was the mother of my son, who was murdered at the age of three.”

“And she is the leader of a terrorist movement. Called the resistance.”

Daniel fell quiet. That he knew.

“She is a terrorist, a traitor, a turncoat. She betrayed the movement.”

“I admire your use of alliteration. It’s quite-R-admirable.”

She opened the file on the desk in front of him.

Daniel Williams. Married to Beatrice Anderson on… 1996. Born on…. Sentenced to 20 years in exile for your involvement in subversive terrorist activities. Lived in China for most of that time, in a Buddhist Monastery. Maintained a close correspondence with his wife, Beatrice, over that period.”

She snapped the file shut, and looked at him.

“Why did you return, after 20 years?”

“Because my exam was over, and I wanted to see my wife and son again. Wouldn’t you?”

“Tell me what you know about the resistance.”

“I’ve been gone 20 years. I know nothing about it. As far as I know, my wife was a member”

“Surely she must have known that you belong to Delta five?”

“She found out when I was put on trial. We never ever spoke about it, remember?”

“Where is she now?”

“I should be asking you that. What I redone with her?”

“You have no idea?”

“I haven’t got a clue. I told you. I was coming back home to meet my wife and son after serving my 20 year sentence in China. Where is she?”

“”

He shook his head.

“No.”

“

The Interrogation

David opened his eyes slowly, and took a deep breath before the dust in the air threw him into a fit of coughing.

“Then asthma," he thought to himself, as he tried to take in his surroundings. The room was pitch black, except for a strip of light at the bottom of the wall opposite him, which he knew from its relative elevation from the floor to be a door. More than seen, he could feel that the roof was quite low above his head, and from the absence of windows, he surmised that he most probably was several metres underground, in a basement of some sort.

  

The lights flicked on that instance has a door swung open and someone stepped into the room. Daniel blinked several times as his pupils adjusted to the light.

“Glad to see you're up." I'm sorry we had to do that to you-it's not how we usually treat our guests."

Dan could place the accident almost immediately-Johannesburg private school educated. She seemed tall, but he was sitting down, so he couldn't be 100% sure. Also, she did not look South African stop she was dark, way too dark, and her large, oval eyes reminded him of the women he had seen from west Africa. In fact, she reminded him of-no, it couldn't be-Beatrice?

"Why are you walking around asking about my sister?" Who are you and what do you want with her? Where are you from? Who sent you?"

Dan smiled. Now he understood what was happening, and the insight to give him a strange sense of call. He was familiar with interrogation, torture. Is it relaxed in his seat and his face softened, his interlocutors hardened.

"Beatrice is your sister?"

I didn't know she had a sister. She never mentioned you.”

I'm doing the asking here, Daniel."

“How do you know my name?”

“I said, I'm doing the asking here", she said, as she pushed her chair back and rose to her feet. Daniel's eyes followed her as she paced up and down the small room. She held her hands behind her back. It reminded him of his school teacher, Mrs De Villiers. She must have been long dead, he thought to himself.

“Her barking voice broke into his train of thought.

"How do you know Beatrice?”

"She is a friend."

“Is?”

“We wrote letters to each other. The plan was for us to get married once I was back from exile.”

"How long have you been in exile?"

Daniel Syed.

“24 years."

Harriet took out a cigarette, lidded, and took a long swig.

"I got to the airport, expecting to find her, but she was not there. Obviously, had no number to call, so I tried to get to the address on her envelopes, but when I got there, but I found was some kind of quarry.”

“The address is obviously fake."

"Yeah, I figured."

“So you have no idea where Beatrice Williams is?"

“She's a pretty girl I was engaged to marry 20 years ago. She was the mother of my son, was murdered at the age of three."

"And she's the leader of a terrorist movement. Called the resistance.”

Daniel fell silent. This he knew.

"She is a terrorist, a traitor, a turncoat. She betrayed the movement."

“I admire your use of alliteration. It's quite-there-admirable."

She opened the file on the desk in front of him.

Daniel Williams. Married to Beatrice Anderson on 12 October 1996. Born on 8 January 1980. Sentenced to 20 years in exile for your involvement in subversive and terrorist activities. Lived in China for most of that time, in a Buddhist Monastery. Maintained a close correspondence with his wife, Beatrice, over that period."

“Why did you return after 20 years?"

"Because my exam was over, and I wanted to see my wife and son again. Wouldn't you?"

"Tell me what you know about the resistance.”

"I've been gone 20 years. I know nothing about it. As far as I know, my wife was a member of the PLM."

“Surely she must have known that you belonged to Delta S?”

“She found out when I was put on trial. We never ever spoke about it, remember? Where is she now? What have you done with her?"

“You have no idea?”

"I haven't got a clue. I told you. I was coming back home to meet my wife and son after serving a 20 year sentence in China. And there was no one waiting for me. Where is she?"

"She is in hell."

Daniel Drew a deep breath. He'd read about what people call hell. He'd seen it as it was flying over the country towards paradise city. A vast barren wasteland, that covered most of Azania. After years and years of fracking had completely destroyed the underground water tables, a massive rift formed between the Karoo and western borders of what used to be called the North West province, stretching all the way down to the Eastern Cape. After the president was assassinated, the country erupted in civil war, and to restore order, each province attempted to install its own government and become an independent state. But the federal government was weak and corrupt, and after a short time, it was overrun by a Woodward named Jackson M, and the other provinces followed suit. One by one they fell into the chaos of civil war, and chaos ruled the land.

This is the current situation. Only Paradise state has held its own and survived, due to the iron fist of the PLM and the leader, Reed M. In all the regions outside paradise we call hell.

People starve out there.

It’s crazy. There is large-scale from grabbing. We receive reports every day of genocide on farms-farm workers gathered together and massacred, or held as slaves to work the land for nothing. You call that civilisation? Murder, disease, slavery and starvation Western Mark

If it wasn’t for our leader, ,, read Turnbull-the father of our nation-we too would slide into chaos and nothingness. Paradise is the last bastion against the onslaught of hell.

Why on earth would Beatrice leave?

We were hoping you would be able to answer that question.

I know something about the help place. I know that to get there, you have to get kicked out of Paradise for committing even the prettiest crime.

We cannot tolerate any criminal activity in Paradise. The slide into chaos and madness would be rapid.

So why would Beatrice go there? Wasn’t she working for you?

She was one of the comrades working in our Congress, and representing the former North West province. We fear that the people she is representing have somehow corrupted her, and she’s gone to join them in hell.

Dante new that she was lying. If Beatrice was nothing but a lonely representative, why were they so obsessed with finding her? But more worrying to him was her not having told him any of this. He knew that she was safe and sound in paradise, along with their son, Brian.

I’m sorry. I don’t know anything about this.

Since you choose not to cooperate, you will remain a guest of the state, indefinitely. Goodbye, Mr Williams.

She spun around, walked to the door, swung it open, and banged it shut behind her.